net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/PlatnumIngotItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumIngotItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumIngotItem$ItemCustom
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/TheGoatedModModElements.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.TheGoatedModModElements
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.TheGoatedModModElements$ModElement
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.TheGoatedModModElements$ModElement$Tag
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/TheGoatedModMod.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.TheGoatedModMod
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.TheGoatedModMod$TheGoatedModModFMLBusEvents
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/PlatnumBlockBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlockBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlockBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/PlatnumBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlock$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlock$CustomBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlock$CustomRuleTest
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlock$FeatureRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.PlatnumBlock$FeatureRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/PlatnumArmorItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumArmorItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumArmorItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumArmorItem$2
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumArmorItem$3
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumArmorItem$4
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumArmorItem$5
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/MroverpoweredItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.MroverpoweredItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.MroverpoweredItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.MroverpoweredItem$2
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/PlatnumPickaxeItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumPickaxeItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumPickaxeItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumPickaxeItem$2
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/PlatnumAxeItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumAxeItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumAxeItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumAxeItem$2
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/PlatnumHoeItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumHoeItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumHoeItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumHoeItem$2
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/LindaItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.LindaItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.LindaItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.LindaItem$2
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/PlatnumSwordItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumSwordItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumSwordItem$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.PlatnumSwordItem$2
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/BiomeGrassBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.BiomeGrassBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.BiomeGrassBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/SquidunderstudyBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidunderstudyBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidunderstudyBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/TreeWoodsquidBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.TreeWoodsquidBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.TreeWoodsquidBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/LeavesquidBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.LeavesquidBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.LeavesquidBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/world/biome/SquidboysBiome.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.biome.SquidboysBiome
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.biome.SquidboysBiome$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.biome.SquidboysBiome$BiomeRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/world/dimension/SquidboysforlifeDimension.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.dimension.SquidboysforlifeDimension
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.dimension.SquidboysforlifeDimension$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.dimension.SquidboysforlifeDimension$CustomPortalBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.dimension.SquidboysforlifeDimension$CustomPortalSize
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.dimension.SquidboysforlifeDimension$POIRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.dimension.SquidboysforlifeDimension$TeleporterDimensionMod
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/SquidFrameBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidFrameBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidFrameBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/SquidboysforlifeItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.SquidboysforlifeItem
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/world/structure/Bigboy101Structure.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.structure.Bigboy101Structure
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.structure.Bigboy101Structure$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.structure.Bigboy101Structure$FeatureRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.world.structure.Bigboy101Structure$FeatureRegisterHandler$1
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/procedures/RainsquidOnBlockRightClickedProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.procedures.RainsquidOnBlockRightClickedProcedure
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/RainsquidBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.RainsquidBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.RainsquidBlock$CustomBlock
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/procedures/SquidioFoodEatenProcedure.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.procedures.SquidioFoodEatenProcedure
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/SquidioItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.SquidioItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.SquidioItem$FoodItemCustom
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/block/SquidinkBlock.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidinkBlock
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidinkBlock$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidinkBlock$FeatureRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidinkBlock$FeatureRegisterHandler$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.block.SquidinkBlock$FluidRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/entity/renderer/SquidlauncherRenderer.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.renderer.SquidlauncherRenderer
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.renderer.SquidlauncherRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/item/SquidlauncherItem.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.SquidlauncherItem
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.SquidlauncherItem$ArrowCustomEntity
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.item.SquidlauncherItem$ItemRanged
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/entity/CreepaBoyEntity.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.CreepaBoyEntity
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.CreepaBoyEntity$1
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.CreepaBoyEntity$CustomEntity
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.CreepaBoyEntity$EntityAttributesRegisterHandler
net/mcreator/thegoatedmod/entity/renderer/CreepaBoyRenderer.java
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.renderer.CreepaBoyRenderer
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.renderer.CreepaBoyRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler
 net.mcreator.thegoatedmod.entity.renderer.CreepaBoyRenderer$ModelRegisterHandler$1
